# Meeting Notes - 2020-08-24

## Attendees

- [Jithin Emmanuel](https://github.com/jithine)
- [Keisuke Kumada](https://github.com/kumada626)
- [Hiroki Takatsuka](https://github.com/tk3fftk)
- [Supratik Das](https://github.com/supra08)
- Yahoo! JAPAN Team

## Agenda

### From Yahoo! JAPAN:

#### Completed Work

1. Secrets page no longer blank if user doesn't have permissions. [#715](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/715)

#### Work In Progress 

1. Display Pipeline Description. [#2007](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2007)

#### New Issues

1. Remote trigger from child pipelines do not work. [#2194](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2194)
1. PR build does not test for code that is merged on target branch and not on pr branch.  [#2209](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2209)

### From Verizon Media:

#### Completed Work

1. Hapi.js upgrades. [#1958](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/1958)
1. Enable direct link to event in events list [#1802](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/1802)
1. Enable user to set job name length on workflow graph. [UI PR#596](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/ui/pull/596)
1. Automate SonarQube Pull Request Decoration settings when project is created. [#2198](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2198) 
1. Build periodically settings to be set properly when jobs make transition from archived to unarchived. [Models PR#473](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/models/pull/473)

#### Work In Progress 

1. Support large build step logs. [#2068](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2068)
1. Build metrics - Display Pipeline downtime information. [#2199](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2199)

#### Operational issues and feature requests


### From GSoC Project:

#### Work in Progress

1. Notify SCM changes. [#1415](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/1415)
   1. Pull Requests open, pending review.

### Discussion Notes

1. Community meeting on this Tuesday was to accommodate demo from Supratik for GSoC project. Future meetings to be moved to Thursday.
1. Supratik gave a demo of Notify SCM settings feature which was done as part of GSoC


